## Laser Designator Translation Sensor

Outputs relative translation of the ship on three axes to RX, RY, RZ. You can use this to do strafe arresting, emergncy stop, or gravity mitigation. 
It is also notably smaller/lighter than the required size CLF to do all speeds in all directions.

Currently requires a 30FPS frame limit and VSYNC off. One can make a 60/90/120 fps version by changing the M constant to one's current framerate(plus a little extra, not sure why that part is) but be aware that it reduces the granularity of your speed. If you have it set for 100fps, your minimum speed precision becomes 0.1m/s rather than the 30fps' 0.030m/s

Requires calibration every time you move it in the designer. Move it around by 10000ths(you can enter values tha are below the decimal precision of the translation tool readout and have them work, but you still can't read that precision so remember what you entered) until SH and SV are within 0.01 or less when the designator is on and ship is not moving. The closer to 0 that SH and SV are the better, but practically speaking the error below 0.01 is not likely to matter.

Still very much WIP. There is a 0-1m/s error on the forward speed when travelling laterally that I have yet to pin down. My current assumption is that it is somehow related to the inherent distance between the laser designator and sensor. Despite me placing them so close that they touch and error out movement in many cases, they still sit somewhere around 0.352m apart. I think that this is fairly good evidence that either one or both objects measure from the base of the sensor(the snap point) and not the tip where the art would suggest. I am also interested in building a framerate independent version that multiplies the deflection data by the speed readout to achieve the final result. More to come soonTM.